Add xcrun warning for SDKROOT (#11)
swiftwasm/swiftwasm-book: src/getting-started/setup.md

Target: x86_64-apple-darwin19.6.0
```

> > Warning: `xcrun` finds executable binary based on `--toolchain` option or `TOOLCHAINS` environment variable, but it also sets `SDKROOT` as host target SDK (e.g. `MacOSX.sdk`). So you need to specify `-sdk` option as `/Library/Developer/Toolchains/swift-wasm-5.3.0-RELEASE.xctoolchain/usr/share/wasi-sysroot` when launching `swiftc` from xcrun. `swift build` or other SwiftPM commands automatically finds SDK path based on target triple, so they doesn't require to specify it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Warning: `xcrun` finds executable binary based on `--toolchain` option or `TOOLCHAINS` environment variable, but it also sets `SDKROOT` as host target SDK (e.g. `MacOSX.sdk`). So you need to specify `-sdk` option as `/Library/Developer/Toolchains/swift-wasm-5.3.0-RELEASE.xctoolchain/usr/share/wasi-sysroot` when launching `swiftc` from xcrun. `swift build` or other SwiftPM commands automatically find SDK path based on target triple, so they don't require to specify it.
```
